1.0
Used (almost) unaltered code from the game .exe for spawning forageables on the Forest Farm map.
Added an option to ignore "NoSpawn" property of the tiles.

1.1
Added settings to alter the number of items and a chance to spawn for a single item.

1.2
Added an option to change what items could be spawned in different seasons.
Added the fluctuations to the spawn chances based on daily luck.
Added foolproofing method to the code to prevent the game from crashing if the values are too big/small.

1.3
Added settings to define the spawn area.
Added the setting for tile properties where objects can be spawned. Available values "Dirt", "Grass" and "Diggable".
Fixed the triggering condition.

1.3.1
Removed fixing non-forageable items in the config when loading the game since it's often caused errors.
Updated the code to be compatible with SMAPI 1.0. Removed deprecated SMAPI methods.

1.3.2
Reimplemented fixing non-forageable items. Now you can once again make mistakes writing item ID's in the config file and once again cannot spawn fish and cooked dishes.
Moved calling foolproofing from loading game to loading character event.
Patched for SMAPI 1.1

1.4
Changed "soilType" setting to accept several values.
Replaced "foragingBonus" (absolute value) with "bonusPerSkillLevel" (relative value)
Removed "tries" and "NoSpawn" settings to simplify config file.
Items can now spawn in the grass (not just a tile with Grass property) and on hoed tiles.

1.4.1
Added "verbose" setting to configure the amount of messages logged to console.

1.5
Added an option to exclude areas from spawn.
Reworked settings defining a spawn area. Now it is possible to select several areas.
Reworked spawn area definition and tile selection code.

1.6
Patched for SMAPI 2.0
Made config file tied to character. Now there is no need to move config file around when switching to a character with a different farm layout.
Added an option to enable spawning items on maps other than Farm.
Changed UniqueID in manifest file to recommended format.

1.7
Added "Stone" soil type.
Added "All" soil type.
Added dangerousSettings option. It removes some config checks and enables "All" soil type setting (and possibly ruins balance). Also, now you can once again spawn fish and cooked dishes, hurray!
Added a check for warp points to avoid blocking location's entrances/exits with spawned objects.
The locations list variable is cleared on loading a save to avoid checking locations set for a different character.

1.8
Made config more readable.
Merged "includedAreas" and "excludedAreas" into a single "Areas" field. Inclusion/exclusion now are specified by '+' or '-' before coordinates.
Added an option to use different "number", "bonus" and "chance" settings for different locations by making a "%" entry in the "Areas" list for a given location.
Added custom forage lists for different locations.
Added console command to save the list of object IDs (short and full forms).

1.9
Compatibility fix for Stardew Valley 1.3
Minor fix to allow spawning any item regardless of it's category when DangerousSettings is TRUE.