//=== File System Information ==\\
Portraits and Sprites have a folder system where it is divided into "Outside, Inside, and Rain". The default is the "Outside" folder. Putting folders inside the inside or the rain folder allows you to have the sprites/portraits change on depending whether they are inside/outside and whether or not it is raining. If you place nothing in these folders, nothing will change upon these conditions.

If the amount of pictures in "Inside" or "Rain" is less than the amount of pictures, then it will display on the first pictures until it has ran through all the images in the outside pictures.


//=== Config File Information ==\\
When you open the attached config file, you are greeted by "config" plus a villager's name. Then there are three 0's following that underneath.

For example:
"configAbigail": [
    0,
    0,
    0
  ],
  
You can adjust these three values to affect how the sprites/portraits change ingame.

The first value stands for how often it will advance to the next sprites/portraits:

0: everyday
1: once every three days
2: once every week  (7 days)
3: once every month (28 days)
4: once every year	(112 days)
5: once their relationship level has increased by one level (applied at the end of the day)
6: once their relationship level has increased by two levels (applied at the end of the day)

The second value stands for the index of the sprite/portrait that will be loaded on start. Remember, the mod loads the sprites/portraits in alphabetically, so it will run through them in that order. You can adjust the starting point by changing this number.

The third value stands for how long into the session until the sprites/portraits changes you currently are. 

For example, if you wanted to set up that Leah's clothes change based upon the season, you would make the first number 3. However, your game is currently on the 21th of Spring. To sync it up, you would set the second number to "20". Remeber, the mod starts counting at 0, so to adjust for a day, you need to subtract by 1.

Another example would be if you wanted to sync clothes change to every even heart level for Shane, but you currently had a level 5 relationship. If this number was set to "0", the change would occur on level 7 and level 9. If set to "1", the change would occur on level 6 and level 8 instead, since you start one level into the session.

Values will be saved onto your config file as you play, so you don't need to constantly adjust these values after you start playing with everything in sync.

Also, if you have more portraits than spites, or vise-versa, it will not read them. In order to prevent errors, the program will only read up to the last number they share. 
For example, if you have 4 portraits and 5 sprites, the 5 sprite will never be read. If you have sprites that make no changes to the portrait, consider just creating another copy of that portrait instead.




