Adding Dialogue: A Tutorial

So you want to add some dialogue? I can help you with that.
Before you continue reading though, I'd recommend opening up "AbigailCompanion.json"
and just reading through it, trying to find patterns. This will help you understand
it all much better once you're reading through the guide. Then the guide will serve
to clear anything up.

Seriously, go open up "AbigailCompanion.json" and look at it if you haven't already.

Last chance before hitting a wall of boring text!

Ok,
First things first, look at one of the .json assets titled "NameCompanion.json"
(where 'Name' is an NPC's name: "AbigailCompanion.json"). Each file will be used
with its respective NPC.

Every line within can be broken down into 2 distinct pieces, a Key, and a Value:
"Key1": "Value1",
"Key2": "Value2",
where the Key falls before the colon, and the Value after.

The Keys all follow the same rules that I've set up in my code. Following these rules
will make it so they are automatically used in the proper scenarios while running
Companion NPCs. Each Key is broken up by dash symbols '-' into three parts:

1. The word "companion" (or "Companion" if followed by an action scenario. Read up to 2b. and then you'll understand).

2. A scenario word, which dictates when this line will be used. These scenarios can be:
	2a. The name of a location like "Railroad",
	2b. Some action the line is associated with like "Recruit" or "ActionContinue",
	2c. Or the word "Idle" (often followed by a number "Idle#").
		The number dictates which Idle Animation this line is associated with if there are multiple Idle Animations.
	
3. A relationship word followed by an optional number:
	3a. "Friend" dictates that this line will be used when you are either a friend or the spouse of this NPC.
	3b. "Spouse" dictates that this line will only be used when you are a spouse of this NPC.
	3c. "SpouseOverride" dictates that only this line (or other SpouseOverride lines) will be used if you are a spouse of this NPC.
	3d. If there is no optional number, then there is only one line for that scenario. If there is an optional number, it must be part of a sequential order.
		It will dictate that there are multiple lines for this scenario, one of which will be picked at random.
		
That's it for the Keys.

The Values all follow the rules Concerned Ape set up for dialogues. You can do some pretty nifty stuff,
but I'd recommend not trying anything fancy until you understand the basics. The two basic things I would
recommennd you start with are:

1. Literally just typing in a simple line of dialogue like, "Hey, pretty neat shoes you got there dude."
2. Adding an "emotion portrait" to the dialogue by appending a line of dialogue with
	$h for Happy
	$a for Angry
	$s for Sad
	$u for Unique
	$l for Love
	Like so: "I heard a dark wind howling last night...$s"
	
So for a real example, adding these lines to AbigailCompanion.json:

"companion-Town-Friend1": "Hey, pretty neat shoes you got there dude.",
"companion-Town-Friend2": "I heard a dark wind howling last night...$s"

will make Abigail's next dialogue randomly say either of these two lines when she enters the town,
the second of which will make her look sad in her portrait.

If you're comfortable with how this works, then read this article: https://stardewvalleywiki.com/Modding:Dialogue
to delve deeper into the cool things you can do with dialogue.

And that's all! Thanks for reading this far if you have.

Love,
Redwood
